 from a long line of terrible
'How could anyone be so blind?' The blindest question of all.
-
...
... hello?
......
.......
...officer
...that I might fill them with horror so they would know I am the LORD
10 billion dollars in damages? Is your face the RIAA?!?
6 broken ribs and a cracked sternum. Good as new.
809:3:2-321:2:4-712:2:4-37:3:8-290:2:5-602:3:5-98:1:1
A bit of breathing room.
A cautionary tale, but at least it was X rated.
A farewell to paws.
A flaming sword of burning righteousness and also fire!
A person can't live on 'I love you' alone.
A stranger's just a friend you haven't met.
A taste of the orient! HOT
A ticket? We're HURTLING THROUGH THE VOID!!
AND socks
Actually, I just wanted to pick up my books?
Actually, I'm married.
Actually, why don't you just push your own damn button?
All the awesome, none of the hassle.
Also it's a little bit you.
Also, I think I vomited in my underwear somehow?
Also, I told them my name was Norma Desmond.
Also, it's not forever because they'll die too.
Alternately, puppies.
Although, I am pretty tired of telling that story.
Always check your candy!
Always in the shadow of a stronger argument against.
Am I the reason people refer to cuddling as pseudoscience?
And I can prove it.
And I will respect you all at once. At my house.
And I'm queer for math!
And anyway why were you going through my computer?
And business is good.
And how do you think it makes me feel when I can't feed them? Oh no!
And it's like the sun has come out.
And now what words do I have?
And then go home to your empty apartment.
And then send pics.
And we are the dreamers of dreams.
And what if you find out later that you're actually cousins?
And who can blame her?
And you will always be someone who was beautiful, once.
Any asshole can tell the truth.
Anyway, I don't want to argue on your birthday, mom.
Anyway, I have TWO new boyfriends. So.
Anyway, I'm off to the gym.
Anyway, I've been learning to knit!
Anyway, get dressed. The funeral's in an hour.
Anyway, how're you enjoying your retirement?
Anyway, is this going to take much longer, officer?
Are my parents ever coming home?
Are there any theme parks that don't mind if I shit myself?
Ask her not to wear those army boots, though.
Athiests are so smug, but church where the pussy at.
BUY BUY BUY HAHAHA OH MY GOODNESS HELLO OH HELLO THERE
Baby, you put the ass in mass murder.
Beautiful, but gone.
Between grief and nothing... I'll take grief. 
Between you and me, that license is forged anyway.
Big fancy money cock assholes.
Bustin makes me feel good.
But I never told him about your best selling romance novels.
But can I call you after I get off work?
But if thought corrupts language, language can also corrupt thought.
But the first and the middle parts are a-mazing!
But the real version. Where the ant let the grasshopper die.
But then his sister and I wouldn't have met at the funeral.
But this doesn't mean an easy A.
But, no, they always trust me to be someone I don't even want to be.
But... but what if we COULD?
Can I come over?
Can we be friends? I would try to be a good friend.
Check outside. I think you'll find you have sufficient space.
Chill out, dickwad.
Cock tease: (n) Person with sexual interests distinct from mine.
Come on, man. Use your evil cow brains for once.
Consent RULES!!
Continue?
Cupcakes for dessert, not deserters.
Did I fall asleep?
Did he ever really love us?
Did you used to have so many teeth?
Didn't see this coming, because I didn't try.
Do I tell her now or later?
Do it.
Do not try to contact the police.
Do they get sleepy?
Do you have to play that harp at 3am? Really?
Doctors hate me! I don't blame them. I'm garbage.
Don't get me wrong. My vagina is awesome.
Don't tell me how to live my life, MOM.
Don't worry. We're all doomed eventually.
Don't you have anywhere else to be?
Don't you roll your eyes at me. I know your horrible little secrets. 
Double major in poetry and physics, baby.
Down by the river, I shot my baby.
Even Bobby Fischer crazy would be better.
Even a sick day would be nice.
Evening, officer!
Every day I hope to see a moving truck pull in. Or an ambulance.
Every petal an accusation, every bumbling bee a pointing finger.
Everybody has skeletons in their closet. I have the gross stuff, too.
Except people who believe in Narnia are harmless.
Fact.
Feed me, Seymour
Fetch my tiny horses. I want to go shopping.
First time I've ever wished for a disney version.
Follow your horrible little heart!
Forewarned is only forearmed if you give a shit.
Frankly, it's a bit creepy.
Fuck this coy shit.
Fuck this table and fuck you!
Full House is totally puerile, right guys? Ha ha I love PROUST!
GOSH I LOVE FLOWERS
Girl, you're the light of my life.
Glitter death. (like crib death, but prettier)
Go big or go home. I probably should have gone home.
Go to your room. While I inspect this search history.
Go! Run! You're free!
Good one, Chompers. But we're trying to watch a movie, here.
Goodnight, mom.
HAPPY DAD JOKE DAY!
HINT: It is all of them.
Haha a toilet full of bees! You guys are the best!
Hand out your chuckles while you can.
Hang on, I just got an email.
Happy 40th, Stonewall Riots!
Have you tried walking it off?
He got his hopes up once they started letting the gays marry.
He learned to ride that bicycle just to fool you.
He was much better at this.
He who makes out with monsters should take hott pixx.
Help me take my shirt off for science.
Hewwo?
Hey! Wood! We should BUILD something.
Hey. You're lucky I picked you guys.
High... high fives?
How I got my limp.
How can anything be worth anything if it lasts forever?
How do you say goodbye to someone who was never there?
I *guess*
I EXPLAINED THAT.
I KNEW IT!
I ain't your pal.
I already asked mine.
I already had too many turns.
I also collect stamps.
I am glad we are friends.
I am going to be a model, not a crazy. 
I am going to die alone, aren't I, yeasty teats?
I am still sad, though.
I am undone.
I believe in ecstatic truth.
I bet you kiss like rain.
I brought it from home.
I can be more than just me.
I can contain it, if I have to.
I can make a sad face, or a happy face. Anything I want!
I can't remember.
I can't think of anyone I'd rather share my ammo with.
I can't think of anything sadder than that.
I cannot kiss you and I want to.
I contain a factory for producing my own prison.
I could never deny her anything
I couldn't live a whole life not being me.
I couldn't stop smiling in the back of the police car.
I deserve a new car!
I did play the NES game at that Christian store in the mall.
I didn't mean money, but okay?
I don't care what Proust said. Fuck you. How about that.
I don't have time for frivolity. I have to hurry up and die.
I don't have to run faster than death. I just have to run faster than 
I don't know why they keep telling me their problems.
I don't know. Maybe I can't.
I don't mind paying. It's worth it.
I don't see how my excuse can be your problem.
I don't think that guy is coming back with our money.
I don't want to hear your voice around here no more
I don't want to live, alone.
I dyed the slop pink today! Happy birthday!
I fast forward to the scenes I liked.
I feel exhausted and perfect.
I fought my way into this world. I'll fight my way out.
I gots to be me
I guess poor Doctor Internet just tells his neighbours about steampunk
I guess really it's OUR house.
I guess that'd be incentivizing decency though.
I guess they're your friends too!
I guess you can still see with only one eye anyway?
I guess you could watch the episode where they get mugged.
I guess you were my first boy wonder
I have a right to be here. This is a PUBLIC playground.
I have been trying conversation, instead.
I have detailed files on human anatomy.
I have to be me
I hear scratching all night
I honestly thought the iceberg would chicken out first.
I hope someone at [REDACTED] hangs this comic in their cube.
I hope that water runs out soon
I hope they don't read my blog.
I hope you brought a change of clothes, baby!
I just fell off the turnip truck, and landed on my feet!
I just smile and say 'compared to what?
I just want to see what it's like to be enough for someone.
I know you can't respond to this ad, but I wish you would.
I like you. I don't LIKE like you.
I looked up some good ones!
I love cake. But I had some earlier today already.
I love you
I love you, is what I'm saying.
I love you. Don't ever change. EVER.
I make sure to show him all my teeth.
I mean, they're already a bit creeped out.
I miss city life
I miss her
I miss not having to pretend to like your family.
I miss you
I need better role models I guess
I need your love
I need your space too.
I never thought of it like that!
I only got one law. A kid who tells on another kid is a dead kid.
I only miss 92% of the shots I don't take. No big deal.
I paid for her. She's mine.
I promise, I'm going to seem to do right by you.
I shot a man in reno just to watch you smile!
I should invite them for paintball this weekend. And then BAM.
I smile more when I belong
I spend all my time in puddles. I miss the ocean.
I spy with my little eye
I suspect I took that metaphor too literally.
I think I have the first part covered.
I think I peed a little.
I think we should fire that babysitter.
I thought for sure I'd never have to pay
I tried to buy him off with walkies, but he keeps LOOKING at me.
I used to fantasize about getting laid. Now I just hope I get laid off
I used to say this when we had oatmeal, too.
I used to want to plant bombs, the night of the prom.
I wake up in long term relationships
I want it. But will I never want it more?
I want to believe
I want to hang out at base camp. That seems fuckin fun as shit.
I want to make you happy! I guess this is how.
I want us to gerund, essentially.
I was a terrible news anchor.
I was happier, dreaming.
I wasn't sure which cake you wanted
I weep for our stupid, stupid children.
I will never feel stupid again.
I will never look at stars the same way
I will not say how the cupcake is involved.
I will try not to hug him too hard.
I wish I could eat your cancer when you turn black.
I wish I had the blind faith of an atheist.
I wish I knew what you were missing.
I wish I was never born! I hate you!
I wish I were close with my mother
I wish the news had warned me about this
I wished I was a little bit taller.
I would die for you. But then again, I like dying.
I would die without you? Seriously?
I would do anything for love or not love
I would if I could, but I can't so I won't.
I would never break your heart. seven years bad luck!
I would seriously stab Gandhi in his face for that woman.
I wouldn't make a very good doctor, for instance.
I'd honestly rather fall into a ring of fire.
I'd like to axe you a few questions!
I'd rather not.
I'll be the Imo this time. You can be the Mont-Blanc.
I'll be the headmaster.
I'll give you a hint. Close your eyes...
I'll just assume it's both
I'll make you proud, Dad!
I'll practice my hurt but ultimately understanding face.
I'll probably be first against the wall. But we can take turns.
I'll treat you right! So long as you don't do anything wrong ever.
I'm a police cat! meow
I'm coming. I'm coming. Wait til the next commercial.
I'm gay married to the sea.
I'm going to need to see some black friends, too.
I'm gonna spend it with you.
I'm half crazy, all for the love of you
I'm here for ART, sir.
I'm just looking for one divine hammer.
I'm more alone than ever.
I'm not sad. I'm almost happy.
I'm not the best me. But I can be the nicest guard.
I'm screwed.
I'm so close. How can we make this more wrong?
I'm so generous and caucasian!
I'm sorry I was angry
I'm sorry Reese, I didn't think I'd ever run into you.
I'm tired of being my best.
I'm welcome at family Christmas again. That's good I guess.
I'm with Bacchus
I've been disenfrenchfried.
I've been meaning to start running again anyway.
I've been waiting.
I've got poodles, yeah, I've got pomeranian gladness in my heart!
I've had more than my share of brand new days.
I've lost friends on there, though.
I've never been better.
I've never been there, but I know the way.
I've seen the truth, Mulder. Now what I want are the answers.
I've wasted a lifetime pretending to be me.
I... I think I like it.
If I said you had a nice body, would it violate my parole?
If it bleeds we can kill it
If that's what you're into.
If the sun went out we would die, stupid.
If there are better ways, I bet they involve clothing.
If you can't stand the heat, stay out of hell.
If you can't stand the heat, turn the A/C on.
If you do think it is awesome, maybe we could have dinner?
If you like it then you shoulda put a hug on it.
If you need any help with the condom, call me.
If you sit through my funeral, Sam Jackson might show up.
If you're going to do the wrong things, do them right.
If you're not part of the solution, you probably think I'm nuts
In Heaven, everything is fine? Ugh.
In bed.
In bed.
Infinity as she is played.
Instead of slowing down, I just shine brighter.
Is it a boy or a girl? Maybe.
Is that guy even a student here?
Is that what you're wearing?
Is there a rule 34 for pretty naked ladies?
Is this about your operation?
Is this cold?
It doesn't matter whose. A baby's maybe.
It is easier to ask forgiveness than permission.
It isn't some creepy haunted doll, just showing up. You PACKED it.
It makes sense on paper.
It means no worries for the rest of your days.
It was all worth it!
It was pretty classic though. Hahahaha.
It's a good life if you don't let him see you weaken.
It's going to be a hell of a show!
It's kinda cute how angry they get about beer ads, though.
It's mathematics
It's no good.
It's not that I don't care. It's that I really don't care.
It's okay to laugh at me. I love your laugh.
It's up to you whether I'm a dreamer or a psychic.
It's your turn to pick the music.
It's yours!
Jesus, mom. I have friends coming over.
Joey, do you like movies about gladiators?
Just kidding, it's a dick I found in the garbage!
Just kidding. My needs always win.
Just one.
Just smile. Just keep smiling a bit longer.
Just this once?
Just... just let me think about this for a bit okay?
Kanye could have written a song about ME
Kindness won't save anyone.
Lady parts are for kissing. Lady pieces go in the fridge.
Let me tell you!
Let's ALL go back where we came from! To the beach!
Let's be the quiet realization that our time has passed.
Let's break the curse.
Let's do something wrong.
Let's join a street gang! Is NASA recruiting?
Let's use that against them.
Let's void some warranties, my love.
Little things are important too.
Live every day like the ice cream store is closing.
Live free or die soft
Love is stronger than justice.
Man, I hope you smarten up when you hit your teens.
Man, I'm totally stuck in the  'nice guy who acts creepy' zone
Many problems. One solution. No moon by 2030.
Margaret Atwood swears by this recipe.
Marvel:SVU
Maybe I should have mentioned that in my speech?
Maybe I'll get an ice cream, first!
Maybe I'll learn a programming language or something instead.
Maybe I'll learn the acoustic guitar instead.
Maybe they should have thought of that when they were picking teams
Maybe two puppies, if you really want peace.
Maybe you should learn to knife fight!
Me fail romance? That's unpossible. 
Meet me in the street.
Might as well ask for a USEFUL miracle.
Might as well enjoy ourselves!
Mom? I thought you were in Florida!
Mommy is trying to work, here.
More importantly, who is your favourite Muppet?
Murder Boat 2: SEA you in Hell
Murdering used to feel so simple and right.
My best self hasn't happened yet.
My candle burns at both ends, it will not last the night. Thank god.
My charming awkwardness gets me so much play.
My doctor is getting tired of me.
My doctors note would just say I'm happier.
My god, would you look at that body.
My heart feels funny. I should have taken his stethoscope, too.
My heart is layers of scar.
My mother knew all the words, word for word.
My sad feelings go SNIKT!
NEW GAME. NEW GAME. NEW GAME.
No woman can resist the pleasure of not having to deal with me!
No, don't go in the basement!
Nobody ever wants to do the friends part with me.
None of those lines seemed to be about you or me.
Nothing matters. THANKS, Obama
Now come bail me out.
Now let's go. I have to piddle.
Now picture leaving my house. Thanks.
Now quick! Cut the red wire!
Now we can do all the things I felt bad about doing when I loved you.
Now we can go back to living in sin in peace.
Now who's maladjusted?!
Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to lie down again.
OUTAFRIENDS
Oh and I got LA Story on DVD! Oh man!
Oh god, am I observing my own psychosexual development?
Oh listen honey! She's purring again!
Oh man. What could happen next?
Oh okay, we're both racist. It's why we're friends!
Oh please. Like you've never goofed up.
Oh! Oh man, we should bring an old-timey lantern!
Oh, honey, did we send you to opinion school?
Oh, it's you. You startled me. What? No! We musn't! KISS KISS KISS
Oh, sorry I stopped making payments. The world ended.
Oh. Aisle three?
Ok. I'll put some pants on.
Ok. Point him out, Mittens.
On the toilet.
One day I'll be me.
Only love can break your heart.
Oooh! Oooh! I hope it's science fiction!
Oops!...I did it again
Or I could just let her down again.
Or a spaceship!
Or anyway I might get arrested.
Or if you were rich, or whatever.
Or the police report would have mentioned it.
Or would you rather be listed as cause of death?
Orgasms are great, but why skip the sex?
Ours to put donuts in!
Participation medals of the heart.
People are only really happy when they accept themselves.
Please don't leave me alone with our stupid children
Please don't ruin this for me with the truth.
Please let apocalypse be this great. Thanks!
Plenty of time to be a boring fuck in the grave.
Police infallibility!?! Best argument ever!
Pop married his job.
Pretty and pointless
Questions are now obsolete. You are welcome.
Quit your job. Buy a big knife. Do something!
Rattling chains? REALLY?
Really? But you guys are so perfect for each other!
Remember when we used to have sex?
SHE IS BEAUTIFUL AND WHEN I AM AWAY FROM HER I MISS HER
Santa IS real, he's just not what we thought!
Seriously. Write me.
Sex with me is, admittedly, not fun.
She was so fluffy
She's never too tired.
She's perfect. I'll take two.
Sleep like dead men. Wake up like dead men.
Smash the state? Nah. I'll just ignore it and hope it ignores me.
Smooch Wars Episode IV: A New Hope
So I combined the two!
So don't waste time.
So quit acting like you're the only one having a bad day.
So there.
So you're saying I have a chance with this big spider?
So, thanks for taking the time to interview me.
So.
Somebody needs to be put down for a nap!
Sometimes goodbye is better than see you soon.
Sometimes mid-coitus!
Soon we'll have to telecommute to the bedroom.
Sorry, it wasn't what I was expecting.
Spend the rest of the day trying not to think about sex.
Strip chess!
Sup bitches! What are your hopes and dreams?
Sure, play another song. I've got nothing better to do.
THEN you yell 'you got served!'
THIS is why you don't date teens.
TRAPPED! HELD PRISONER BY A TINY BABY!
Telling people that I'm clingy.
Tenderly.
Terrorism delays vote, kills.
That is what it said under my yearbook picture.
That is why you fail.
That was our chance.
That's it. I'm moving out.
That's my favourite insult. Die bored, motherfucker.
That's no reason not to fall in love again.
That's the way it crumbles, cookie-wise.
That's the way it crumbles. Cookie-wise.
That's who I think of when we fuck.
The Earth is better off without humans, too, but here we are.
The Horrible Intelligence of Tree Rats was his unfinished masterpiece
The Racist Computer Wore Tennis Shoes
The anticipation is terrible. I hope it lasts.
The apple of our three eyes - Martha being a cyclops.
The best part is that it works for everyone!
The closest words tend to anthropomorphize you.
The easy way is also I cut you.
The future's so bright.
The least I can do is provide a polite worst day of their life.
The letter of the law.
The only words for this are my fingers in your mouth.
The reverse also works a bit too well.
The school for girls who like schools for girls
The silver bullets might still work though.
The sublime tigress has another nap, because who cares.
The suspense is terrible... I hope it'll last.
Then we can do a post game analysis!
Then we will stomp some log houses, am I right guys?
Then: Sexy times!
There had to be an answer
There is always hope! Everybody on the floor!
There's no silence worse than the silence of a friend.
There's not a word yet, for old friends who've just met.
There. I apologized.
There...there's been an accident who?
These cookies won't last either. We'd better hurry!
These marshmallow ghosties don't have time for your ennui.
They almost make a person want to read a book.
They probably don't!
They will find a statue of you, holding someone else.
They're shitheads.
They're the lucky ones.
This is lisa and she does not have a website
This is what frustrates me
This place isn't for me. I'm going home.
To drown would be an awfully great adventure!
Today is the most exciting last day of our lives.
Tomorrow's just a day away.
Tough break, kid.
Ugh, and everyone here LOVES Dinosaur Comics.
Understanding is for terrorists.
Video game idea: Stork Hunt
WE CAN AFFORD NO MORE DISTRACTIONS
WHAT
WHO ARE YOU WORKING FOR?
WHY STOP
Wait... mom?
Wait...maybe I am a xenophobe!
Waiting for time to run out.
Watch the gills, baby.
Way better than stopping to say, 'so it goes.'
We all disappoint.
We all got it comin, kid.
We are glad to have you as friends.
We can do this the hard way or the easy way. *wink*
We can go to the rodeo after I pick up her medicine.
We can read out loud to each other, while we're getting ready!
We love you, you ignorant prick.
We will hang your dirty uniform from our antenna like a pirate flag.
We will make everything wrong in the right way.
We're both going to wake up in Dallas, but only I will be free
We're having a special today.
We're just born this way! My mom told me.
We've been good but we can't last.
Welcome to the Terrordome.
Well fine. Buy it there then.
Well, I don't like any of those things, but I like you.
Well, he won't forget getting kneecapped.
Well, him first.
Well. We will always have Utica.
Well. Worry might not be the right word.
What a lovely home. Do you have a shed?
What a slut. I'm angry at her because I am frustrated in my own life.
What happens to us in the future? Do we become assholes or something?
What if I want an upgrade before my contract's up?
What if Ryan North were a sexy pirate? THE BOOK.
What sounds better? Revenge or popcorn?
What were you THINKING?!
What're you doing with that length of lead pipe?!
What's good for the goose.
What's that? I can't hear you.
When he's good, we call him Tax Break.
When life gives you lemons, watch pornography.
When my cage is by the window I can see the sun.
When the earthquake hit, I had an aftershock too.
Where is the strongest pulse again? The inner thigh? The neck? ARGH
Who can be depressed when they have a flamethrower?
Who has time for perfection?
Why can't they stay small?
Why do I do this? Oh god. So much chocolate milk.
Why do we have to wait til friday?
Why doesn't this window open? Quick. Help me lift this statue.
YOU'RE a euphemism
Yeah, well that's mace, isn't it?
Yeah. 'Probably.'
Yes, you.
Yet.
You are my best friend.
You are terrible hosts.
You can tell a lot about a person by how much they smile while boning.
You can't always want what you get.
You can't get any further away before you start coming back.
You can't in good conscience leave them with Ryan North.
You can't start a fire without a spark.
You do good work.
You know an argument is over when someone brings up Dracula.
You know my motto: I'm a man, and I am here to fuck.
You know, the kind who call me on my bullshit.
You know, when I wasn't using it for sex.
You make falling look good, baby.
You should never have come here alone, hoss.
You shouldn't be afraid they will see the real you. They should be.
You sound just like your mother.
You were always laughing
You were in the bathroom.
You're too pretty to stab me in the face with that knife.
Your daytime friends are no help in the dark.
Your whole family is made out of meat!
ZING!
[TAPE POPS]
a better alternative is forever.
a billion universes just wanting to be left alone.
a boyfriend who doesn't enjoy horror movies? good riddance.
a flavor so familiar I no longer taste it.
a man who represents himself has a HERO for a client!
a quick fix
a sexy international super spy who never cries!
a softer world
a song of ice and fire ants
a timeless classic, sure to be forgotten.
a yawning void, is what i'm saying. forever.
actually, maybe i want to BE her
after you're gone is nice
also, I guess you need SPECIFIC gunk.
also, maybe you could brush more
also, tell them I'm sorry
an amputee or ... something else?
an eyeball should never have sand on it, even one that big
and I am terrified you'll realize it.
and I could have gotten free shipping
and I do push his buttons.
and I only feel good when I got no pain and that's how I'm gonna stay
and I refuse to let that happen.
and I'm not even sure gamma radiation would do anything.
and all my wil wheaton podcasts! gone!
and an attic full of soft fluffy snuggles
and anyway the clown is booked til Wednesday
and anyway your kisses were stupid
and by park, I mean internet
and don't tell your father we did this. he'd divorce me.
and embarassing browser histories
and from the pewter gifts she gave every christmas.
and get a haircut. a rebellious one.
and i don't want to be alone
and i slept well
and it sounds like my own voice
and maybe I keep adding to the list
and now i have an excuse to buy new sheets all the time!
and on Tuesdays I'll be straight, and Thursdays I'll be gay.
and once you see the giggle-porn, well...
and progress and the future.
and talking in this funny voice?
and tell me his opinion on the matter again
and the destination is just work, every day.
and the guilt I expected never came.
and the hunt begins.
and the music is amazing.
and the saved
and the things you are wearing right now.
and there were some bridge tokens too
and they do not refer to themselves as nice guys
and this is why.
and tonight is a really good TV night
and you hear her mournful cry
and you'll feel bad because you could've.
and you'll look stupid then!
angel in the streets, unfortunately also an angel between the sheets.
another bathroom break
another failed children's book.
another mario 3 tournament tonight, ladies?
any excuse to keep putting things in my brain!
any sufficiently complex system is hackable
anyway it would be like hating santa claus
anyway quit complaining. YOUR kids voted for me
anyway, I guess we should exchange sex now.
anyway, happy anniversary!
anyway, this email got weird. Just writing to tell you I have cancer.
anyway, wanna watch me eat an ice cream sandwich shirtless?
are pod people more flexible, you think?
are you eating pizza in here?
are you happy with that?
are your parents home?
art is whatever gets you laid.
as close as we get to cheating death.
at least I have my health.
at least he has a father
at least human stalkers don't clog my bandwidth
at least i can get store credit.
at least they'd know what I like in bed.
at the mountains of madness... if you know what I mean.
back off man... i'm a meteorologist.
be careful what you wish for, stupid.
be more kind of weird together
be quiet, is what i'm saying
be the goblin you want to see in the world
because for SOME reason it's illegal to put landmines in my yard.
because i ate blue of them.
because i need an excuse to choose me
because you'll be dead.
because you're doing it wrong
because, uh, you might have heard I run with a dangerous crowd?
before anything can go wrong!
before we start throwing fucking pancake parties or whatever.
better, even.
beware the moon.
birds gotta fly
birds gotta fly. fish gotta swim.
bite him
both of us finally happy.
burn everything. the heat lifts you faster.
burn it down
burning cities melt hearts
but I do
but do I love you. do you want me to loosen the cuffs?
but don't hit me in the face. It's picture day.
but even Battleship gets old after 15 years
but i will put anything in my mouth that is given to me.
but it is a house you can build.
but nobody says no to me
but not in packs, please.
but now my oedipal dreams are way grosser
but old people just grow lonesome
but when it comes to being loved, she's first
but will she remember how awesome it was?
but you get free ink cartridge refills
buy your love by playing make believe.
call and response
can you imagine how disdainful they'll look?
can't stop til I see my name on a blimp
care to explain THAT one?
cars that hover and dads who come home
changing of the guard
chasing the dragon.
chewed off its wrist at the shackle and waved goodbye.
choose your own regrets.
cleaning up god's mess.
come on in, the waters of oblivion are warm!
confiscate that shit.
cross stitch class goes off the rails once again.
crying over his dictionary.
cunnilingus? a...analingus?
dad thinks that's funny I guess
dare to be stupid
darling it's better
did it hurt? when you clawed your way up from the depths of hell?
did she think we forgot since last easter?
didn't even bring lunch that day.
didn't mom tell you?
does freedom have high speed internet?
does he even clean his own hair?
doing things together is important. like, babes.
don't be so foolish
don't you cry.
don't you know? the sun's setting fast.
don't you?
dressing them up all sexy and stuff. you know.
drop outs have more fun
emptier, I mean.
especially gay marriage in videogames
even I know that
even after we're done
even gay men love boobs when they are made of money.
every terrible person is terrible in their own way
everything melts.
everything will be okay, i'm here
evil has its pleasures too.
except amphetamines. jesus, that was a nightmare.
family, part five.
family, part four.
family, part one.
family, part three.
family, part two.
famous last words?
fh2: this time with feelings
fifteen points!
filling barbie's corvette with manure
fine, then can I just get my bill?
finish me quick! before the ice cream melts!
flapping around in a haunted mansion?
flush one pill, three times daily
fool me once, shame on you
foolproof pickup line #6
for jeff rowland
for my portfolio?
forever in a day
four legs good. eight legs bad.
fuck critics, you can kiss my whole asshole
fuck yes.
get well soon
giggle not into the abyss.
go play in someone else's garden, kitty
go start another sentence
go, emily, go!
gonna fuck you so hard, you're gonna ask me to tone it down a bit
good cryptography makes good neighbours, too.
good game
good luck!
greed is good
handjob susan, private eye
happy mother's day
have you not seen my twitter?
he had a trustworthy smile
he is risen.
he whom the prophet spoke of long ago has come.
he's really sweet
heartache to heartache we stand
heartbreak is the real chlamydia.
heartbreak. heartbreak? is that spelled right? Heartbreak. AUGH
hell is other people.
here's to understanding something logically but not with your heart.
here. you might as well have it.
hindsight is bullshit
history cutlets
history is way cooler if you picture Tom Cruise playing everyone
hold what you've got
hope floats like a bloated corpse
hope softens the rough edge of every promise
how do we blame THIS on SUVS?
hurry christmas, hurry fast
i also do weddings
i am not an exhibitionist. i'm just lonely.
i am too young to be a granny
i call this one the reverse carpenter
i can appreciate it now, but what an awkward year at daycare
i can tell that we are gonna be friends
i can't do that hal.
i can't remember what that means
i come rough, tough like an elephant tusk.
i feel safe
i feel sort of weird jerking off to it.
i got mine.
i have never seen them scared before
i hear him talking during the comercials, alone, arguing.
i hear smashing glass in my head, every time i laugh.
i know it in my heart to be true
i marked on my map where i had my first kiss
i want dirt under my fingernails.
i'm a knife. knifin' around. cut cut cut cut cut cut cut.
i've wasted enough tears on assholes.
if I get them drunk enough.
if everything matters, nothing does.
if i think her thoughts that is a bit like sex.
if it is just the drugs, make the phone blink twice.
if nobody is, that would explain some things.
if that's not love, then i'm misinformed.
if you play the opening wrong, the game is already lost.
in front of jesus and everybody.
in myth lies hope
in the UK they say nappies
in the lane, snow is glistening
infinity does not have your picture in its locker
intelligent black eyes
is that in California?
is there something wrong?
it already does
it does kind of smell like gas though
it doesn't matter how fancy your pants are
it gives me sexual arousal.
it is the exact opposite of alone.
it is worth setting off metal detectors
it isn't the storm that makes the ocean dangerous.
it just wasn't reasonable
it turns out that privilege is pretty awesome?
it was like being high. nobody wanted to be around me.
it wasn't that bad, really
it's a coverup tatt, as I don't love Amy anymore
it's been 48 hours. my heart is almost certainly dead already.
it's hard to get rid of people who don't know you hate them
it's in love with randall munroe.
it's sad.
it's the little things that keep us going. like violence
jiggly milky doom
just DRM-enabled 'disappearances'
just another exploit
just go
just keep pumping in quarters
keep on the sunny side, always on the sunny side.
kids everywhere are so excited
knives weren't meant for air.
la petite mort
ladies, please. One at a time.
lately i've been breaking glass in your room again
laugh til blood comes out then laugh some more
let the okay times roll.
let them hate me, so long as they fear me
let's be honest here.
let's hang out - TO THE DEATH
let's make some sausage
let's turn those smiles upside-down
life does have a random function! us!
life is a hotel pool at night, and security is coming
like a chocolate dildo
like a utility tool that only works on genitals?
like on TV
like she's going anywhere
like you are suddenly awake after a long winter.
like, totally!
listen while you can
live and be happy, and make others so
living forever is like living in a living nightmare
long overdue
love the sinner, stab the eyeballs.
love will keep us together
love will light up my room
love, love me do
lullabies at night, george michael in the morning
macaroni and glitter
make your own luck my ass
marriage club
masturbation as therapy
maybe 1996 was
maybe I am doing it wrong?
maybe I'll go back to school!
maybe they're all in prison
maybe tomorrow i'll want to settle down
miracles bring tourists
mistakes aren't always regrets
motherfucker would burn shit down
mr state trooper. please don't stop me. please don't stop me.
my PIECE
my body is a temple and there's another funeral today
my dad's a laugher
my garlic breath is unprofessional is it?
my last words will be, 'yeah I had that coming.'
my self esteem is innumerate 
national enjoy nothing day.
neither of us chose truth
never in the same room as myself
never mix business and pleasure.
never slapped five with god
nice girls don't
no homo?
no i don't want to hear about your dream
no jury will convict me
no one could steer me right, but mama tried.
no, honey, you look fine
nobody gonna wesley snipe me
nobody sees the real me. i hope.
not all who wander are decent human beings
not every love burns.
not every verb has to be transitive
not taking an honest look at myself is my god given right.
not... not that we need it.
now are you going to take your shirt off or not?
now get out of the bushes before I call the cops.
now i have a machine gun ho ho ho hum
now it's a journal comic? Boring.
now let's go haunt the fuck out of Jeff
now the collection agencies have armies.
now we'll have that ball room to ourselves!
now where did i leave my fancy... OH GOD WHAT ARE YOU DOING
now you will never know
now, which one of you fuckin' cops wants smooches?
of course I been drinkin. it's wednesday.
of course he got no sympathy from the ducklings that were still ugly.
oh
oh fuck, we're doomed! quick! to the movie theatre!
oh great, another novelty orphan murder memoir.
oh man! remember PEOPLE?!
oh no, is that lipstick on my collar?
oh no, not again
oh the movie never ends it goes on and on and on and on
oh, and gravity might go offline later today. stay tuned.
oh, haha, microchip babies! what a hoot! what a stretch!
oh, maureen
oh, what do I do?
one last desperate hope
only, this time it is hover beads.
oops
open sesame
or 'forgetting' to buy condoms!
or I didn't want to see.
or a maintenance person, I guess! or... or both?
or believing
or candy. or... or both?
or imagine Ryan North's smile.
or just the life I thought would make my teachers happy.
or kittens
or maybe I could grab that cop's gun!
or maybe i should get a job
or they better fucking not
or think about fucking so much you just get sad?
or, anyway, part of you.
or, as I like to call it, my wedding
our first idea was to be the Wet Bandits
out back is where the toes are
outlook SO GOOD
pain relief
pawn shop tutorials
please be a common word, at least
please do.
please don't imagine me crying in a hostel
please keep frowning
plus everybody knows Hitler was a waiter.
plz don't leave me!
pookums still loves ME though
poor sportsmanship.
post hoc, ergo propter hoc
potential is just a promise you break to yourself
pretend to love the one you're with.
priorities! 
quiet kisses are so hardcore
rawr!
razor blade beats sadness. pill beats razor blade.
really, I am glad the romance is gone
recidivist: yes
reverse horror movies!
rhetorical questions shall continue until morale improves.
right and wrong are just guidelines to hotter sex
right in there.
rocky road.
romantic! whether she likes it or not.
rough for me, I mean.
rules are rules!
saying your plans out loud is a good way to hear god laugh
second verse same as the first
see you in the morning! in hell!
seek release
seek release, boy
selflessly getting what I wanted
serious inquiries only
sexed at the murder hotel.
shape the future, they said. teach mathematics, they said.
she looks like one of those rap guys' girlfriends
she says, what, now should be different?
she told me i was the best mistake she ever made
she would have wanted this last, unending dance
shellfish? again?
shrapnel
sleep your cares away
smell you later
smiling fights the lonely monster
so many teeth
some people aren't books, they're poems.
someone who thinks suggested dosages are quaint.
sometimes dead is better.
sometimes i get so excited i throw up
sometimes, dead ISN'T better
sooner or later it comes down to fate
sorry I could not travel both, and be one traveler
stickers: the only proof I need.
still eating cheerios til you make yourself sick.
surrounded by terrified fishermen
take a pic with your phone if anything exciting happens.
taught me. 
teenage suicide: don't do it!
tell me another one
tell me, where is evil bred, in the heart or in the head?
thank you for being a friend
thank you for being a friend
that is too many words to tattoo on your penis
that joke was funnier than you acted.
that was your plan? 'get him'?
that's how we keep going. we make the best of things.
that's the same pity you get for people who claim to be happy
the beast may try to hug you.
the best revenge is bitter sarcasm and unhappiness
the call is coming from inside the closet!
the end is near
the end is nearer
the freedom of uncertainty.
the friend zone is right here, baby. *gestures at crotch*
the hero's journey.
the heroes we deserve.
the hospital sounds... restful. I could use a rest.
the kind of mess that don't come clean
the murder glass is half FULL ... of murder?
the mystery is always better.
the nobel prize for fuzz
the one inch punch
the only scientific instrument I know how to play
the princess and the pea, a story for peasant children.
the ravages of puberty leave a few unscathed
the ravages of puberty leave nobody unscathed
the resolution doesn't matter
the road to hell is paved with good intentions
the same way I feel after my dreams of flying
the satisfaction of a job well done.
the screaming and the vomiting help sell it.
the sex appeal of lowered expectations! 
the shuffle of crabs on the ocean floor
the sign says KEEP OUT, mom. that means YOU.
the tasty side
the way a human loves another human
the woods are just trees, and I am lost
the world is ending and i just miss your vagina
then we'll go back to real life
then what do you aim for?
then what? you have to get up I guess.
then who's gay, smartass?
there are no horny racists.
there is no game of life without you
there were like thirty scooters in that ice cream truck
there's a darkness on the edge of town.
there's a lot that can go wrong in a life.
there's meaning as long as there's someone to need it
there's nothing on TV. let's go to the hospital I guess
they don't care cause they stay paid anyway
they don't know what they're missing
they said they'd call
thirty-seventy, really.
this cage is all I know.
this is Emily and she is so pretty
this is Maggie and she is tough tough tough
this might take a while. we have way more of them than you do.
this place makes me an animal, I will not die in here
this resort has no egg nog
this tinfoil hat attracts too many drones
this too shall not change a goddamn thing
this will be my final tweet.
this, at least, is up to me.
those with 'something to fall back on' invariably fall back on it.
time to take a handful of pills and face the day.
to die would be an awfully big adventure
to join the circus.
tomorrow isn't coming
too little too late, creepy
true dreams
true love lite
try this at home
ttyl
tune in tonight for NO LAW & NO ORDER
turn that frown upside-down
turn toward the camera and smile smile smile
tweens tweens everywhere!
twice at least
unfurnished, but with care it could be a home
unless it is drawn by repetition.
unless they pray to 911?
unless...do they have a candy dish in the car?
unrequited rejection.
use it or lose it.
vacations don't have to end, they aren't like love affairs
vote for me or i'll kill you
wait. give me liberty or give YOU death. how about that?
wait. these aren't my clothes!
we all float down here
we all know it is really aliens
we are all going to get got.
we buried truth under playgrounds
we can disavow all knowledge of our actions. if anyone asks.
we cannot have freedom without wilderness
we don't need words
we have buried the putrid corpse of liberty
we have only everyone else to blame
we should have taken flying lessons instead of flamenco.
we will have a spare room again, and mankind is safe!
we'll need to find you a new pet name i guess
we're hiring, sure. but this job won't save you.
we're just getting started.
we've been good, but we can't last
wee miss you
well, and playing with myself a bit too.
well, really I wish you didn't want so much.
well, then by your argument, 1 in 5 people are whores
what I did for love
what I mean is, would you like to go out to dinner?
what a t-shirt idea!
what about their friends?
what do they know about friends?
what if people don't want my help?
what interests us most is finding out what we are like.
what use beauty, sans ugmos?
what we talk about when we talk about love
what would they do with their freedom?
what you get for choosing poor parents
what're you, new?
when I was young I believed in gutter balls
when there's no more room in pigeon hell...
when they look back on their lives, they'll smile
when you embark on a journey of revenge, don't go barefoot
when you look down at people, don't you want to help them up?
while we're pretending.
while you count clouds
who am i in the dark?
who is your daddy and what does he do?
who said that every wish would be heard and answered?
who stole the cookies from the cookie jar? YOU DID MOTHERFUCKER
why not smile?
wicked dastardly
wikileaks and dribbles
wil wheaton! OMG
with a dick for a head
with awesome bodies we had no idea how to use.
won't you believe it it's just my luck
won't you believe it it's just my luck
worms
yeah, baby, that stale popcorn smell riles me right up.
yeah, me neither
yes
yes your wings are beautiful. yes they shimmer. god.
yes! yes! a thousand times yes!
yes. Yes, always, yes.
yhtapa drol krad ruo
yippee ki yay, YHWH
you are one hotshot body pilot, baby.
you are so close to being the perfect man!
you are the rose of my heart
you can't always get what you want, thank christ.
you cannot be allowed to live, knowing they are weak
you cannot ignore the moon dot com
you fucked it up
you have a beautiful smile
you have a nice laugh when you fuck.
you have a nice living room
you have to make the impossible shiver with antici-
you have to pretend like everyone else, crazy.
you have your mother's eyes
you kids wait here on the shore.
you know that I'm no good
you know what you do is wrong
you know, at bedtime or whatever.
you know, metaphorically.
you make my heart stop
you mess with the bull, you get the cone.
you might start wearing clothes around the house
you think you're so smart but I've seen you naked
you'll be someone you wouldn't understand
you'll never guess!
you're one...whiny motherfucker!
you're up early... hello?
your machinery is too much for me
your sister was the worst.
